[ISSUE 8477][docs] Duplicate info of using C++ in Pulsar (#8919)
apache/pulsar: site2/docs/client-libraries-cpp.md

[Doxygen](http://www.doxygen.nl/)-generated API docs for the C++ client are available [here](/api/cpp).

## System requirements

You need to have the following installed to use the C++ client:

* [CMake](https://cmake.org/)
* [Boost](http://www.boost.org/)
* [Protocol Buffers](https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/) 2.6

> * [Log4CXX](https://logging.apache.org/log4cxx)

Reviewer: Log4CXX is no longer required

* [libcurl](https://curl.haxx.se/libcurl/)
* [Google Test](https://github.com/google/googletest)

> * [JsonCpp](https://github.com/open-source-parsers/jsoncpp)

Reviewer: JsonCpp too is no longer required

## Linux

> ### Compilation 

Reviewer 2: I think it is better to use an ordered list to refine this part. Ans use the period (.) at the end of each sentence instead of a colon (:). Please check through the whole updates.

The compilation starts with cloning the Pulsar repository:

```shell
$ git clone https://github.com/apache/pulsar
```

Install all of the necessary dependencies:

```shell
$ apt-get install cmake libssl-dev libcurl4-openssl-dev liblog4cxx-dev \
  libprotobuf-dev protobuf-compiler libboost-all-dev google-mock libgtest-dev libjsoncpp-dev
```

Then compile and install [Google Test](https://github.com/google/googletest):

```shell
# libgtest-dev version is 1.18.0 or above
$ cd /usr/src/googletest
$ sudo cmake .
$ sudo make
$ sudo cp ./googlemock/libgmock.a ./googlemock/gtest/libgtest.a /usr/lib/

# less than 1.18.0
$ cd /usr/src/gtest
$ sudo cmake .
$ sudo make
$ sudo cp libgtest.a /usr/lib

$ cd /usr/src/gmock
$ sudo cmake .
$ sudo make
$ sudo cp libgmock.a /usr/lib
```

Finally, compile the Pulsar client library for C++ inside the Pulsar repo:

```shell
$ cd pulsar-client-cpp
$ cmake .
$ make
```

> The resulting files, `libpulsar.so` and `libpulsar.a` will be placed in the `lib` folder of the repo. The tools `perfProducer` and `perfConsumer` will be placed in the `perf` directory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The resulting files, `libpulsar.so` and `libpulsar.a` will be placed in the `lib` folder of the repository. The tools `perfProducer` and `perfConsumer` will be placed in the `perf` directory.
```

### Install Dependencies

> Since 2.1.0 release, Pulsar ships pre-built RPM and Debian packages. You can download and install those packages directly.

> Four kinds of libraries `libpulsar.so` / `libpulsarnossl.so` / `libpulsar.a` / `libpulsarwithdeps.a` are included in your `/usr/lib` after rpm/deb being downloaded and installed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `libpulsar.so`, `libpulsarnossl.so`, `libpulsar.a`, and `libpulsarwithdeps.a` libraries are included in your `/usr/lib` after RPM or DEB being downloaded and installed.
```

> By default, they are built under code path `${PULSAR_HOME}/pulsar-client-cpp`. You can use this command:

Reviewer 2: how is this command is used for? used for build libraries under the default code path or use this command to build these libraries under a different code path? It is better ti explain more detailed.

 `cmake . -DBUILD_TESTS=OFF -DLINK_STATIC=ON && make pulsarShared pulsarSharedNossl pulsarStatic pulsarStaticWithDeps -j 3`.

> These libraries rely on some other libraries, if you want to get detailed version of dependencies, please reference [rpm](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/blob/master/pulsar-client-cpp/pkg/rpm/Dockerfile) or [deb](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/blob/master/pulsar-client-cpp/pkg/deb/Dockerfile) files.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These libraries rely on some other libraries, if you want to get detailed version of dependencies, see [RPM](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/blob/master/pulsar-client-cpp/pkg/rpm/Dockerfile) or [DEB](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/blob/master/pulsar-client-cpp/pkg/deb/Dockerfile) files.
```

1. `libpulsar.so` is a shared library, which contains statically linked `boost` and `openssl`. It also dynamically links all other needed libraries. Below is the command to use this Pulsar library:

```bash
 g++ --std=c++11  PulsarTest.cpp -o test /usr/lib/libpulsar.so -I/usr/local/ssl/include
```

> 2. `libpulsarnossl.so` is a shared library that similar to `libpulsar.so` except that the libraries `openssl` and `crypto` are dynamically linked. Below is the command to use this Pulsar library:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. `libpulsarnossl.so` is a shared library that is similar to `libpulsar.so` except that the libraries `openssl` and `crypto` are dynamically linked. Below is the command to use this Pulsar library:
```

```bash
 g++ --std=c++11  PulsarTest.cpp -o test /usr/lib/libpulsarnossl.so -lssl -lcrypto -I/usr/local/ssl/include -L/usr/local/ssl/lib
```

> 3. `libpulsar.a` is the static library. You need load dependencies before using this library. Below is the command to use this Pulsar library:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. `libpulsar.a` is a static library. You need load dependencies before using this library. Below is the command to use this Pulsar library:
```

```bash
 g++ --std=c++11  PulsarTest.cpp -o test /usr/lib/libpulsar.a -lssl -lcrypto -ldl -lpthread  -I/usr/local/ssl/include -L/usr/local/ssl/lib -lboost_system -lboost_regex -lcurl -lprotobuf -lzstd -lz
```

4. `libpulsarwithdeps.a` is a static library, based on `libpulsar.a`. It is archived in the dependencies of `libboost_regex`, `libboost_system`, `libcurl`, `libprotobuf`, `libzstd` and `libz`. Below is the command to use this Pulsar library:

```bash
 g++ --std=c++11  PulsarTest.cpp -o test /usr/lib/libpulsarwithdeps.a -lssl -lcrypto -ldl -lpthread  -I/usr/local/ssl/include -L/usr/local/ssl/lib
```

> `libpulsarwithdeps.a` does not include library openssl related libraries `libssl` and `libcrypto`, because these 2 libraries are related to security. It is more reasonable and easier to use the versions provided by the local system to handle security issues and upgrade libraries.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`libpulsarwithdeps.a` does not include library `openssl` related libraries `libssl` and `libcrypto`, because these two libraries are related to security. It is more reasonable and easier to use the versions provided by the local system to handle security issues and upgrade libraries.
```

[Doxygen](http://www.doxygen.nl/)-generated API docs for the C++ client are available [here](/api/cpp).

## System requirements

> You need to have the following installed to use the C++ client:

Reviewer 3: You need to install the following components before using the C++ client:

* [CMake](https://cmake.org/)
* [Boost](http://www.boost.org/)
* [Protocol Buffers](https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/) 2.6
* [libcurl](https://curl.haxx.se/libcurl/)
* [Google Test](https://github.com/google/googletest)

## Linux

### Compilation 

1. Clone the Pulsar repository.

```shell
$ git clone https://github.com/apache/pulsar
```

2. Install all necessary dependencies.

```shell
$ apt-get install cmake libssl-dev libcurl4-openssl-dev liblog4cxx-dev \
  libprotobuf-dev protobuf-compiler libboost-all-dev google-mock libgtest-dev libjsoncpp-dev
```

3. Compile and install [Google Test](https://github.com/google/googletest).

```shell
# libgtest-dev version is 1.18.0 or above
$ cd /usr/src/googletest
$ sudo cmake .
$ sudo make
$ sudo cp ./googlemock/libgmock.a ./googlemock/gtest/libgtest.a /usr/lib/

# less than 1.18.0
$ cd /usr/src/gtest
$ sudo cmake .
$ sudo make
$ sudo cp libgtest.a /usr/lib

$ cd /usr/src/gmock
$ sudo cmake .
$ sudo make
$ sudo cp libgmock.a /usr/lib
```

4. Compile the Pulsar client library for C++ inside the Pulsar repository.

```shell
$ cd pulsar-client-cpp
$ cmake .
$ make
```

> With a successful installation, the files `libpulsar.so` and `libpulsar.a` will be in the `lib` folder of the repository. The tools `perfProducer` and `perfConsumer` will be in the `perf` directory.

Reviewer 3: Use present tense, see https://developers.google.com/style/tense

### Install Dependencies

> Since 2.1.0 release, Pulsar ships pre-built RPM and Debian packages. You can download and install those packages directly.

> The `libpulsar.so`, `libpulsarnossl.so`, `libpulsar.a`, and `libpulsarwithdeps.a` libraries are included in your `/usr/lib` after RPM or DEB being downloaded and installed.

Reviewer 3: Try to use active voice, see https://developers.google.com/style/voice
You can refine it as sth like:
"The xxx are included in your `/usr/lib` after you download and install xxx"

> By default, they are built under code path `${PULSAR_HOME}/pulsar-client-cpp`. The building command is as below.

Reviewer 3: under --> in
in the xxx path

 `cmake . -DBUILD_TESTS=OFF -DLINK_STATIC=ON && make pulsarShared pulsarSharedNossl pulsarStatic pulsarStaticWithDeps -j 3`.

These libraries rely on some other libraries, if you want to get detailed version of dependencies, see [RPM](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/blob/master/pulsar-client-cpp/pkg/rpm/Dockerfile) or [DEB](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/blob/master/pulsar-client-cpp/pkg/deb/Dockerfile) files.

1. `libpulsar.so` is a shared library, which contains statically linked `boost` and `openssl`. It also dynamically links all other needed libraries. Below is the command to use this Pulsar library.

```bash
 g++ --std=c++11  PulsarTest.cpp -o test /usr/lib/libpulsar.so -I/usr/local/ssl/include
```

> 2. `libpulsarnossl.so` is a shared library, similar to `libpulsar.so` except that the libraries `openssl` and `crypto` are dynamically linked. Below is the command to use this Pulsar library.

Reviewer 3: Below is the command to use this Pulsar library -->
You can use this Pulsar library with the command below.

If it's an action that should be done by users, use the second person, see https://developers.google.com/style/person

$ rpm -ivh apache-pulsar-client*.rpm
```

> With a successful installation, you will see Pulsar libraries under `/usr/lib`.

Reviewer 3: After you install RPM successfully, Pulsar libraries are in the `/usr/lib` path.

pulsar-client-cpp/pkg/rpm/docker-build-rpm.sh
```

> This command builds the RPM inside a Docker container and it leaves the RPMs in `pulsar-client-cpp/pkg/rpm/RPMS/x86_64/`.

Reviewer 3: what does "leaves" mean in this sentence?

## MacOS

### Compilation

> The compilation starts with cloning the Pulsar repository:

Reviewer 2: use an ordered list and use a period(.) instead of a colon (:) at the end of each sentence.
